[10.0] [ADD] New module publication (#257)
OCA/crm: publication/README.rst

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===========

> publication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publication
```

===========

This module allows to register publications that a partner can receive.

> Publications can be in print of electronic, and be free or paid for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publications can be of multiple kind: printed, electronic, and free or paid for.
```

Paid publications can be linked to a contract (recurring analytic account).

Usage
=====

> To use this module, you need to:

Reviewer: adapt

#. Go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot

>    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/{repo_id}/{branch}

Reviewer: adapt

> Known issues / Roadmap

Reviewer: remove the section

======================

None at present.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues

> <https://github.com/OCA/{project_repo}/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please

Reviewer: adapt
